Add blog post about what to bring for your first conference. (#94)
djangocon/2024.djangocon.us: src/_content/posts/first-time-things-to-bring.md

If you can't live without your laptop, make sure you bring your charging cable. There’s ample Wi-Fi at the conference provided by the Durham Convention Center, so you’ll have the internet at your disposal. Many attendees will have their laptops open to take notes, follow along with slides, and/or test out the concepts being presented during talks. Plus, it’s much easier to post live updates about talks from your computer than your phone if you’re into that sort of thing.

## :droplet: Refillable water bottle and/or coffee cup
It’s pretty annoying getting thirsty in the middle of a conference talk. There will be access to all the water you can drink! Plus, you can be greener by reusing your own vessel instead of single-use disposable cups.

There are coffee and tea in the conference center as well, so if you're a coffee/tea drinker, bring your own tumbler if you want extra for the talks.

## :shirt: Comfortable clothes
Everyone is welcome, and dress casually and comfortably, whether that's shorts, pants, a dress, or whatever makes you feel good. It’s up to you to decide what you would like to wear. As long as it isn’t a Code of Conduct violation, it’s pretty much up to you.

> Some of the rooms can get a bit chilly, so you might want to have a jacket or sweater handy, but don't forget the weather outside!  It can get a little chilly in the evenings in Durham, NC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the rooms can get a bit chilly, so you might want to have a jacket or sweater handy, but don't forget the weather outside!  It can get just a little chilly in the evenings in Durham in September.
```

## :phone: Cell phone

> It’s practically essential for survival in America. The mobile coverage is great in the venue area for all four major providers, so about any device will work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s practically essential for survival in America. The mobile coverage is great in the venue area for all three major providers, so about any device will work.
```

boo mergers

## :sunglasses: Sunglasses, sunscreen, and maybe a raincoat

> It’s Durham, NC. It’s going to be a bit chillier than last year's warm California weather. Preliminary forecasts show mostly dry weather on the conference days with highs around 65-70 °F (18-21 °C) and lows around 45-48 °F (7-9 °C). There’s quite a bit of outdoor activities that we have suggested during your time here, so don't forget that even if it is cold outside, the sun can still burn you!

Reviewer 2: Last year was in Durham too.

> It’s Durham, NC. It’s going to be a bit chillier than last year's warm California weather. Preliminary forecasts show mostly dry weather on the conference days with highs around 65-70 °F (18-21 °C) and lows around 45-48 °F (7-9 °C). There’s quite a bit of outdoor activities that we have suggested during your time here, so don't forget that even if it is cold outside, the sun can still burn you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a few week's earlier than last year's conference in Durham. Typical highs for mid-to-late September are around 78-80 &deg; F (25-27 &deg; C), and typical lows are 59-60 &deg; F (about 15 &deg; C). There’s quite a bit of outdoor activities that we have suggested during your time here, so don't forget that even if it is looking like early autumn outside, the sun can still burn you!
```

> It's a few week's earlier than last year's conference in Durham. Typical highs for mid-to-late September are around 78-80 &deg; F (25-27 &deg; C), and typical lows are 59-60 &deg; F (about 15 &deg; C). There’s quite a bit of outdoor activities that we have suggested during your time here, so don't forget that even if it is looking like early autumn outside, the sun can still burn you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a few week's earlier than last year's conference in Durham. As of September 15, the very early forecast for the conference has highs  around 74-78 &deg; F (23-25 &deg; C), and lows around 60-63 &deg; F (about 15-17 &deg; C) with a little bit of rain here and there. There’s quite a bit of outdoor activities that we have suggested during your time here, so don't forget that even if it is looking like early autumn outside, the sun can still burn you!
```

Refreshed based on the 10 day forecast

## :popcorn: Snacks

> The Convention Center will have full breakfast, lunch, and snacks during the breaks (11:00 AM and 3:40 PM) on all conference days (Monday through Wednesday). If you’re an early riser like me, you’ll probably want a snack before breakfast (8:30 AM on Monday, 9:00 AM Tuesday and Wednesday). Also, if you have special dietary needs, it can’t hurt to have a spare snack on hand just in case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Convention Center will have full breakfast, lunch, and snacks during the breaks (10:10 AM and 3:00 PM) on all conference days (Monday through Wednesday). If you’re an early riser like me, you might want a snack before breakfast (7:30 AM on Monday, 8:00 AM Tuesday and Wednesday). Also, if you have special dietary needs, it can’t hurt to have a spare snack on hand just in case.
```
